Important! To keep your account safe make sure you only run the Aimsharp loader when your WoW and Battle.net client is closed.

Before you begin:

Windows Desktop resolution needs to be at least 1920x1080.

Make sure WoW is set to fullscreen windowed mode + 100% resolution scaling.

Make sure WoW is on the English client. You can change this in Battle.net app settings -> game settings.

Some addons like ElvUI may conflict with the bot.  You should disable all other addons the first time using the bot.

The bot uses F1-F12 keys + the numbers + numpad + O,P,K,L for internal hotkeys so you will not be able to use these binds in game.

1. Start Loader.bat and press keys when asked.  This will start up AimsharpWow in our secure protected mode.

2. In AimsharpWow, click browse, set it to your WoW directory (for example, C:\Program Files\World of Warcraft)
	-NOTE: do NOT select _retail_, just select the first WoW folder. For example, C:\Program Files\World of Warcraft

3. Enter a name for the Aimsharp addon, can be anything.  You will need to enable this addon later in WoW.

4. Select a class rotation and click load, then click configure to set it up.  Optionally you can add plugins to load as well.

5. After configuring the settings, click start rotation.

6. Log into WoW character select screen and enable the Aimsharp addon, then log in.  

7. Once logged in, type /reload for the bot to set up it's keybinds.

8. Good to go!

Additional tips and troubleshooting:

Remember to /reload each time you start the bot so it can setup macros and keybinds.

You can use in game macro, "/xxxxx toggle" where xxxxx is the first 5 letters of your add-on name lower case to toggle the bot on/off.
Specific rotations may have additional macros, for example most rotations have /xxxxx AOE to turn auto-AOE on/off.

The first time you run the bot you might have empty keybinds.  Just click to access the keybinds menu in the WoW main menu and choose reset to default to fix.

If you need more help, use our Discord channels.

Any other problems or suggestions or requests?  Contact us here: aimsharpcontact@gmail.com